I have an open and curious mindset
and crave a challenge.
I think that’s why I embraced technology at an early age
when my parents introduced me to computer science and programming.
These skills helped me establish my career within a technology role in Assurance services,
and equipped me to make a valuable contribution to the organization
– empowering auditors to use technology tools in their daily work.
But I was hungry to learn and experience even more.
So I chose to progress my technology experience
and embarked on a 30-day secondment
to work on the development of EY Helix,
which is a global suite of data analytics.
Being part of the technology advancement
that is such an integral part of EY audits across the globe
helped chart a new course for me
and ultimately changed the trajectory of my career.
Now several years later, I have a senior role on the Digital Audit Team.
I focus on data capture and transformation,
adding significant value to teams around the world by
improving audit quality and providing clients with insights about their business.
My career to date has consistently provided
exposure to leaders, mentors and sponsors who gave me visibility
and responsibility on key projects,
and responsibility, and encouraged me to grow and never stop learning.
I also became a mother
– and because my team members at EY have encouraged me to embrace work flexibility,
I’ve been present for all of my children’s milestones.
At EY, I’m always developing myself through the variety of experiences I have.
I’m able to work with colleagues and clients in different industry sectors
across the globe,
and this has helped me to better understand and adapt to cultural differences,
which is integral to our success.
My advice is to take advantage of all the opportunities that come your way,
as you never know where they may take you!